rebus/llc/parvoz/models/SignInData.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.SignInData
rebus/llc/parvoz/db/DatabaseHelper.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.db.DatabaseHelper
rebus/llc/parvoz/MainActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.MainActivity
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/MyTicketModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.MyTicketModel
rebus/llc/parvoz/LoginActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$5
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$6
 rebus.llc.parvoz.LoginActivity$ProfileQuery
rebus/llc/parvoz/fragments/NotificationFragment.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.NotificationFragment
rebus/llc/parvoz/SignUpActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SignUpActivity$5
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/Utilities.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.Utilities
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/R.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$anim
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$animator
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$attr
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$bool
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$color
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$dimen
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$drawable
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$id
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$integer
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$interpolator
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$layout
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$menu
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$mipmap
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$string
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$style
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$styleable
 rebus.llc.parvoz.R$xml
android/support/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
android/support/documentfile/R.java
 android.support.documentfile.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/adapters/HurizonatlListAdapter.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.HurizonatlListAdapter
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.HurizonatlListAdapter$ClickListener
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.HurizonatlListAdapter$ViewHolder
android/support/mediacompat/R.java
 android.support.mediacompat.R
 android.support.mediacompat.R$attr
 android.support.mediacompat.R$color
 android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen
 android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable
 android.support.mediacompat.R$id
 android.support.mediacompat.R$integer
 android.support.mediacompat.R$layout
 android.support.mediacompat.R$string
 android.support.mediacompat.R$style
 android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/LangModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.LangModel
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/Encrypt.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.Encrypt
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/UserData.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.UserData
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/adapters/TicketAdapter.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.TicketAdapter
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.TicketAdapter$ClickListener
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.TicketAdapter$ViewHolder
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/v4/R.java
 android.support.v4.R
 android.support.v4.R$attr
 android.support.v4.R$color
 android.support.v4.R$dimen
 android.support.v4.R$drawable
 android.support.v4.R$id
 android.support.v4.R$integer
 android.support.v4.R$layout
 android.support.v4.R$string
 android.support.v4.R$style
 android.support.v4.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/SendJsonRequest.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.SendJsonRequest
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android/support/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$1$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$10
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$11
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$12
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$13
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$4$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$5
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$6
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$7
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$8
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.ProfileFragment$9
rebus/llc/parvoz/SplashAvtivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SplashAvtivity
 rebus.llc.parvoz.SplashAvtivity$1
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/ListModels.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.ListModels
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/fragments/MainFragment.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MainFragment$5
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android/support/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/MyTicketsActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.MyTicketsActivity
rebus/llc/parvoz/MyServiceNotif.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.MyServiceNotif
 rebus.llc.parvoz.MyServiceNotif$1
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/adapters/MyTicketAdapter.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.MyTicketAdapter
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.MyTicketAdapter$ClickListener
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.MyTicketAdapter$ViewHolder
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/FileUtil.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.FileUtil
rebus/llc/parvoz/adapters/CameraPickAdapter.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.CameraPickAdapter
rebus/llc/parvoz/CallBackActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.CallBackActivity$5
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/GenericFileProvider.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.GenericFileProvider
id/zelory/compressor/R.java
 id.zelory.compressor.R
android/support/interpolator/R.java
 android.support.interpolator.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/HorizontalListModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.HorizontalListModel
com/karumi/dexter/R.java
 com.karumi.dexter.R
 com.karumi.dexter.R$anim
 com.karumi.dexter.R$animator
 com.karumi.dexter.R$attr
 com.karumi.dexter.R$bool
 com.karumi.dexter.R$color
 com.karumi.dexter.R$dimen
 com.karumi.dexter.R$drawable
 com.karumi.dexter.R$id
 com.karumi.dexter.R$integer
 com.karumi.dexter.R$layout
 com.karumi.dexter.R$string
 com.karumi.dexter.R$style
 com.karumi.dexter.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/CitiesModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.CitiesModel
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/ObjavlenijaModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.ObjavlenijaModel
android/support/print/R.java
 android.support.print.R
android/support/customview/R.java
 android.support.customview.R
 android.support.customview.R$attr
 android.support.customview.R$color
 android.support.customview.R$dimen
 android.support.customview.R$drawable
 android.support.customview.R$id
 android.support.customview.R$integer
 android.support.customview.R$layout
 android.support.customview.R$string
 android.support.customview.R$style
 android.support.customview.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/BuildConfig.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.BuildConfig
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/CountryModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.CountryModel
android/support/v7/viewpager/R.java
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
 android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/ProfileActivity.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$1$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$10
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$11
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$12
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$13
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$14
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$15
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$3$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$5
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$6
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$7
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$8
 rebus.llc.parvoz.ProfileActivity$9
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/Spravochniki.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.Spravochniki
android/support/v7/cardview/R.java
 android.support.v7.cardview.R
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$color
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$style
 android.support.v7.cardview.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/TicketForm.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$10
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$11
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$12
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$2
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$3
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$4
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$4$1
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$5
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$6
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$7
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$8
 rebus.llc.parvoz.TicketForm$9
android/support/cursoradapter/R.java
 android.support.cursoradapter.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/adapters/NotifAdapter.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.NotifAdapter
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.NotifAdapter$ClickListener
 rebus.llc.parvoz.adapters.NotifAdapter$ViewHolder
android/support/drawerlayout/R.java
 android.support.drawerlayout.R
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
 android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$interpolator
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/TicketModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.TicketModel
android/support/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/DirectoriesModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.DirectoriesModel
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/MyAsyncTask.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.MyAsyncTask
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.MyAsyncTask$ResponseCame
rebus/llc/parvoz/others/Settings.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.others.Settings
rebus/llc/parvoz/Parvoz.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.Parvoz
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
android/support/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/db/DBSample.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.db.DBSample
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/AuthorizationModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.AuthorizationModel
rebus/llc/parvoz/models/AirportModel.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.models.AirportModel
android/support/loader/R.java
 android.support.loader.R
 android.support.loader.R$attr
 android.support.loader.R$color
 android.support.loader.R$dimen
 android.support.loader.R$drawable
 android.support.loader.R$id
 android.support.loader.R$integer
 android.support.loader.R$layout
 android.support.loader.R$string
 android.support.loader.R$style
 android.support.loader.R$styleable
rebus/llc/parvoz/fragments/InfoFragment.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.InfoFragment
io/reactivex/android/R.java
 io.reactivex.android.R
rebus/llc/parvoz/fragments/MyTicketsFragment.java
 rebus.llc.parvoz.fragments.MyTicketsFragment
